OSDOCS-17968:Update the z-stream RNs for 4.18.32 (#105340)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/zstream-4-18-32-fixed-issues.adoc

* Before this update, `iptables-alerter` pods experienced high CPU usage in some clusters due to an issue in the 4.18.20 upgrade. As a consequence, high CPU usage impacted `iptables-alerter` pods, causing performance degradation. With this release, iptables-alerter CPU usage has been reduced by optimizing code in version 4.18.21. As a result, high CPU usage for `iptables-alerter` pods has been resolved, improving cluster performance. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-73767[OCPBUGS-73767])

* Before this update, {aws-first} APIs returned inconsistent results regarding the existence of a `Machine`. The safeguards designed to handle this inconsistency checked the stored instance ID in the incorrect location. As a consequence, during {aws-short} API instability, virtual machines (VMs) leaked and attempted to join the cluster indefinitely. With this release, the system uses the correct provider ID for consistency checks. If an instance does not appear within 20 seconds, the machine status changes to `Failed` to prevent instance leaks. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-73789[OCPBUGS-73789])

> * Before this update, if etcd shared a volume with OLM, disk contention might occur. With this release, the default catalog polling interval is increased from ten minutes to four hours. As a result, some instances of catalog pod startup probe failures are fixed. Note that it is strongly recommended that etcd use a dedicated volume. For more information, see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/scalability_and_performance/recommended-performance-and-scalability-practices-2#recommended-etcd-practices_recommended-etcd-practices. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-73833[OCPBUGS-73833]) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if etcd shared a volume with OLM, disk contention might occur. With this release, the default catalog polling interval is increased from ten minutes to four hours. As a result, some instances of catalog pod startup probe failures are fixed. Red{nbsp}Hat strongly recommended that etcd use a dedicated volume. For more information, see https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/scalability_and_performance/recommended-performance-and-scalability-practices-2#recommended-etcd-practices_recommended-etcd-practices. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-73833[OCPBUGS-73833]) 
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE
[id="zstream-4-18-32-fixed-issues_{context}"]

= Fixed issues

[role="_abstract"]

> 

Reviewer: Please remove the blank line between the role and the first line.
